Hi, I'm Rob Hindman, I'm a professor of statistics at Monash University in Australia.
I'll be at the POSIT conference this year leading a workshop on tidy time series and
forecasting using R. It's relatively common for organisations to collect huge amounts
of data over time and then find that their existing time series analysis tools are not
always suitable to handle the scale, the frequency and the structure of the data that have been
collected.
For example, you might collect hourly data, but the regular classes in base R aren't designed
for that.
Or you might have a lot of time series, but again base R is really designed for single
series or small numbers of series.
You might have time series stored in a data frame or a tibble, but then the modelling
tools aren't set up for time series models.
In this workshop we're going to look at some packages and methods that have been developed
to handle the analysis of large collections of time series in a tidyverse style.
It'll be a two-day workshop and on day one we will talk about time series analysis using
these tools.
We'll look at the tibble data structure for flexibly managing collections of related time
series.
We'll look at how to do data wrangling, data visualisations and exploratory data analysis.
We'll explore feature-based methods to explore time series data in high dimensions.
A feature-based approach can be used to identify anomalous time series within a collection
of time series, or to cluster or classify time series.
Primary packages for day one will be the tibble package, lubridate and feasts, along with
the tidyverse of course.
Day two will be about forecasting.
We'll look at some classical time series models and how they are automated in the fable
package and we'll look at ensemble forecasts and hybrid forecasts, and also best practices
for evaluating forecast accuracy.
Finally we'll look at forecast reconciliation, allowing millions of time series to be forecast
in a relatively short time while accounting for constraints on how the series are related
to each other.
I'm looking forward to it and I hope to see you there.